maybe you want a skype record a vlog or
hang out with some friends on Google+
whatever the case you're going to need a
webcam if you don't have a built-in
webcam but you do have an Android phone
let me show you how to turn this into a
webcam for your PC to get started you're
going to need to download two programs
first on your computer
download the IP camera adapter for
Windows which you can find here
you'll also need a free app on your
phone or tablet called IP webcam once
you have both installed make sure that
your Android and computer are on the
same Wi-Fi network that's the only way
this is going to work now launch the IP
webcam app on your Android phone and
you'll be presented with a list of
options and quality settings decide on
the resolution I'll use 1280 by 720 the
quality I'll stick with 50 and the
frames per second just know that as you
raise the overall quality you'll also
increase the chances of there being lag
so don't get crazy especially if you
have poor Wi-Fi connection okay you'll
see some other options here like
orientation so pick portrait or
landscape and even the option to use
your androids front-facing camera which
I'll select I'd also suggest setting a
username and password to prevent others
from accessing your camera we're all
done here so I'll scroll down to start
server to start the video stream now
we'll set up the rest on the computer
over here open up the IP camera adapter
program in the first field enter the IP
address and port number that shows up on
the bottom of your android screen enter
your login and password and then click
Auto detect and you'll see it adjust to
match what your camera is sending hit OK
and now my Android phone is ready to act
as my webcam even if you can't see it
yet I'll set it down here where it has a
good view of my face and now I'll launch
Skype to test this out whenever you open
a webpage or app like Skype that uses
your web
camp you'll have to select your Android
as a source for Skype I'll go to options
video settings and select mjpeg camera
that'll do the trick and boom there I am
oh and one thing to note this whole
setup will drain your androids batteries
so keep it plugged in while you use it
as a webcam if you have any questions
hit me up on Twitter and check out how
to see Netcom for more tutorials like
this first CNET I'm Sharon Vaknin